Fixing the cloud env variable (#74)
ploomber/jupysql-plugin: README.md

### Development install

```sh
conda create --name jupysql-plugin python=3.11 --channel conda-forge --yes
conda activate jupysql-plugin
conda install nodejs=16 --channel conda-forge --yes
pip install -r requirements.txt

> pip install -r requirements.dev.txt

Reviewer: i see this new file has been added and `pkgmt` has been added, but I don't see why it's needed.

Reviewer: ok, so I was missing that context because I saw no mentions to `pkgmt lint`. then, just add documentation that `pkgmt lint` is used for linting

### Packaging the extension

See [RELEASE](RELEASE.md)

### Ploomber Cloud API Endpoint

> You can set the `PLOOMBER_CLOUD_HOST` variable to reference the API Endpoint (by default it's set to our production API end point).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can set the `PLOOMBER_CLOUD_HOST` variable to switch the API endpoint (by default, it's set to our production API endpoint).
```

> ```sh
> echo $PLOOMBER_CLOUD_HOST
> https://cloudapi.ploomber.io #default
> ```
> 
> You can export to modify the value (for instance, set it to the dev end point):
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

i think we can delete this
